README.rst, before:

************************
Static JIRA issue export
************************

Export all issues of a JIRA issue tracker instance into static
HTML files.

This static files can be indexed by an intranet search engine
easily, without having to setup autologin in JIRA.


=====
Setup
=====
#. Clone git repository
#. ``$ cp data/config.php.dist /data/config.php``
#. Adjust ``data/config.php``
#. Install dependencies
#. Run the initial import: ``$ ./bin/export-html.php``
#. Setup the web server document root to ``www/``
#. Setup cron to run the export every night


============
Dependencies
============

* PHP
* HTTP_Request2 from PEAR::

    $ pear install http_request2


=============
Similar tools
=============

* `Gigan`__ - Parse JIRA XML into CouchDB

__ https://github.com/janl/gigan


=================
About jira-export
=================

License
=======
``jira-export`` is licensed under the `AGPL v3`__ or later.

__ http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl


Author
======
`Christian Weiske`__, `Netresearch GmbH & Co KG`__

__ mailto:christian.weiske@netresearch.de
__ http://www.netresearch.de/

Commit message:

NRFE-189: only update projects with modifications since last export

README.rst, after:

************************
Static JIRA issue export
************************

Export all issues of a JIRA issue tracker instance into static
HTML files.

This static files can be indexed by an intranet search engine
easily, without having to setup autologin in JIRA.

The first export will take quite some time.
After that initial run, only projects with modifications since the last
export will get updated, which makes it possible to run the export
as cronjob every 15 minutes.

=====
Setup
=====
#. Clone git repository
#. ``$ cp data/config.php.dist /data/config.php``
#. Adjust ``data/config.php``
#. Install dependencies
#. Run the initial import: ``$ ./bin/export-html.php``
#. Setup the web server document root to ``www/``
#. Setup cron to run the export every night


============
Dependencies
============

* PHP
* HTTP_Request2 from PEAR::

    $ pear install http_request2


=============
Similar tools
=============

* `Gigan`__ - Parse JIRA XML into CouchDB

__ https://github.com/janl/gigan


=================
About jira-export
=================

License
=======
``jira-export`` is licensed under the `AGPL v3`__ or later.

__ http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl


Author
======
`Christian Weiske`__, `Netresearch GmbH & Co KG`__

__ mailto:christian.weiske@netresearch.de
__ http://www.netresearch.de/
